docs: use server relative URL (#10406)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/development/new-package-manager-template.md

**Did you read our documentation on adding a package manager?**

> - [ ] I've read the [adding a package manager](https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/main/docs/development/adding-a-package-manager.md) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I've read the [adding a package manager](/renovatebot/renovate/blob/HEAD/docs/development/adding-a-package-manager.md) documentation.
```

What about server relative url?
